[LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> It's good to be here.
>> Let's talk about cosmic law
versus the law of the first
order.
How would you define them?
And in what way
are they relevant?
>> So law is defined as rules of
a community that are recognized
as binding.
On Earth we have a local law
system, or a planetary law
system, and this one
is not homogeneous,
which means there are states,
and regions, and countries that
have different sets of laws.
These all are
artificial law systems
which are basically
regulating the way people come
together and behave together.
But there's also something
natural, which is cosmic law.
Cosmic law is the
accumulation of all the
naturally occurring
dynamics, and laws, and rules
of the universe.
That includes physics,
but also some parts
that come from the
psychology of the universe,
from the consciousness
itself, how it behaves
and how it's structured.
In this version of the universe
that we're in right now,
every consciousness
unit, or CU, has
allowance to do whatever
they want to experience.
Because probabilities
define what
is possible in this universe
and every probability
wants to play itself out.
So one example
would be violence.
So in terms of cosmic
law, the universe
is experiencing itself in
the most ugly, and unhealthy,
and rough way possible, but
it's still probabilities
that are played out.
On Earth we have this
artificial law system,
which means that a third
consciousness level is trying
to deal with all these
problematic systems
and problematic experiences.
How do we socially
structure ourselves
in order to have a kind
of fair system socially?
And that means that they, A,
prohibit certain things, and B,
prosecute them.
But prosecution
makes things worse.
It's more unhealthy because you
put guilt and loathing to it.
That means that when
the universe wants
to experience certain
things and this
adds to the amount of
experiences the universe can
make and this is good
because it creates diversity,
it kind of blames itself for
this very natural behavior
and that makes it worse.
Prosecuting behavior does not
make that behavior go away,
because the probability
and the experience
orientation of the
universe does not vanish,
it does not fade
by prosecuting it.
It just creates an unhealthy way
to define and to look upon it.
If you're thinking
about the term "karma,"
if you want to think
in those terms,
then there are three ways
for dissolution of karma.
The first one is
self-determination,
which is an intellectual
way and an approach in what
to do with those
self-destructive and unhealthy
behaviorisms.
That means that you, A, have
to constantly remind yourself,
and B, train yourself
to be a better person.
The second way is
self-realization,
which means that you
do it by heart, if you
want that analogy.
It also means that you're not
only doing the right thing,
but it's within yourself,
within your being
to do the right thing.
And that is something that
needs a lot of experience
to come to that point naturally.
It's not an
intellectual approach,
but it's something that
comes from deep within.
The third way to dissolve
karma is the reframe
and let it play out factor.
And this is when the law of
the first order kicks in.
It means to put a
self-destructive behaviorism
into a voluntary self-harm.
For example, boxing,
this is defined
as a voluntary self-harm.
And when we add to that
and we go, for example,
to aggressive rivalry,
then we could reframe it
by the terms of the first order
into a more useful competition.
Which is different to local
law because local law would
prosecute, for
example, cheating,
and that is not the case in
the law of the first order.
Because cheating is a part
of this useful, playful
competition.
It's just to make
things more accessible.
It's more or less
Darwinistic law
as well to say, oh,
I found a smarter way
to move around certain things.
And if the approach and the
target that is approached
is benevolent and good for
a civilization, for example,
it totally makes sense to move
around certain regulations.
>> One would think evolved
consciousness would not want
to inflict a lower frequency
vibration into its own self.
Why do they do that?
>> It means there is probability
in the universe and those
probabilities want to
come into existence.
Because the universe
in terms of cosmic law
do not see a good or a bad
side, they have experiences.
And they want to
experience things.
But when you're talking about
higher consciousness and lower
consciousness, then this
is a term of evolution
and we see that.
The more evolved a species gets,
the more it adapts to its rules
and eventually comes
to a point where
they stop every
self-destructive behavior.
But we see that in
the animal kingdom
and we also see that in
the lower third level
consciousness.
And we also see that in
level four consciousness
as well, although those
beings still already know
that we are one, but that
doesn't mean that conflicts are
going to stop until level five.
>> Why in this example would
source consciousness choose
violence, pain, and
hurtful experiences?
>> For two reasons.
First, it's probabilities and
it's experiencing something.
It doesn't matter if it's
bad, or good, or something, it
just adds up to the overall
experience of the universe
and that makes it valuable.
And the second thing is that
it's a term of consciousness.
While at the lower
end of consciousness,
for example, in
animal kingdoms you
have this survival
thing going on.
And every animal has a sense
of what can I do to survive?
What can I do to eat?
What can I do to pair?
Those are the three
important questions
to every animal on the second
level of consciousness.
And third consciousness,
we're talking about the ego,
becoming a self,
asking, what am I?
And that means also-- and this
is a very popular theory--
who's the other self?
Who are you?
And that brings
conflict as well.
So regulations are something
very basic to the third level
of consciousness.
In level four consciousness,
we all intellectually
know that we are connected,
but we do not still
experience that in a very
profound and believable way.
So that doesn't mean that
conflicts end in level four.
It is level five
of consciousness
where we all experience
oneness and connectivity.
And in that moment, all
these problematic and
self-destructive
behaviors come to an end
and also those beings are
consciousness units that
cling to self-destructive
behavior,
do not reach level
five; they will fail.
>> So then with every
challenge or adversity,
can it be said that the
intelligence of any being,
or collective being, accelerates
because they are forced to be
creative and adapt?
>> In terms of cosmic
evolution, the cheating process,
which means to find a more
clever solution to some things,
it's like a creative
approach to something,
that could also rule out
something that became obsolete,
for example.
So if you have a very
traditional rule set
and you find a better way
to do it, then why not?
It's more effective.
So if we're coming back to
this warrior type species
that we were talking about
in the previous episode,
when you then apply the
law of the first order,
that means to bring all these
potentially self-destructive
warrior species
together and to use them
in a useful way for the overall
evolution of the universe.
And that means to have
moderation and reasonability.
>> How do these laws
influence us on Earth today?
>> From a mainstream
understanding of law,
people only know the
so-called domestic law,
which means those are the
regulations that we have
in countries or in regions and
cities, and also in tribes,
for example.
What we miss out, and
this comes into play when
we take the exo-political
factor into it,
is the so-called genetic
law and the temporal law,
and in the last instance,
the law of the first order.
Genetic law means that
those who have their stocks
into the genetics of a species
also have a kind of authority
to what the rules and what
the destiny of the species
is, which makes sense.
So, basically, a species
that is very pure in genetics
can rule out everything
on their own.
As we know on Earth, we
have like 12 manipulators
of the genetics and some
of them did that in order
to have some influence
on the regulations
and of the destiny
of this planet.
And that makes things a
little more complicated.
The third factor is the
so-called temporal law.
In domestic law, we know that if
you have a basic first instance
of law, when you're not
happy with the decision
that a judge made, you can
go to the next instance
and he will rule
maybe differently.
We have the same steps
coming from domestic law,
to genetic law, to temporal law,
to the law of the first order.
As we already
approached that topic,
the Greys are coming
from a previous version
of the universe.
So their understanding is that
they are here the longest time.
Because there are some species--
and that has happened in
the history of Earth--
that are time-traveling species.
And we've seen that with at
least one reptilian species
that has changed the
timelines of Earth.
And they say that they have more
authoritarian power on Earth
because they went through time.
They influenced humanity
almost from the beginning on.
But that is why
when the Greys say
that they come from a previous
version of the universe,
and so their authoritarian
power is the greatest of all.
>> Tim, what or who maintains
and oversees these laws?
>> All right, so while cosmic
laws are a natural force
and describes the natural
dynamics of the universe,
all other laws we're talking
about are artificial laws,
which are set upon something.
The Greys, for
example, they gave
technology and other
things to species
and to planetary
systems in order
to offer their help as
an administrative force.
When we're talking about
the law of the first order,
this is something
that does not apply
to every part of the
universe, although this
is the mission of the
Greys to establish that.
But it only applies to those who
are in contract with the Greys.
So local laws, the lowest
threshold to the set of laws
we're talking
about, and the Greys
understand themselves as some
kind of supervision instance.
So they oversee and
regulate for those planets
in the last instance when
the law of the first order
applies to the star system.
>> The Greys must be hundreds of
thousands of years ahead of us.
Why is this level
fun for the Greys?
>> We were talking
about this master line,
which means that the Greys
became very isolated in one
previous version of the
universe and through that,
experienced lots of trauma, and
they needed to shut that down,
and they needed some kind
of reason to be alive.
And the lowest reason
that is stable enough
to ascend to level seven
is the emotion of fun.
>> The Greys are
overseeing laws,
but if I or any civilization do
not want to play by their rules
anymore, who's going
to enforce those rules?
>> It depends on how much
you influence the evolution
of others.
If a species decides
for themselves
to be self-destructive
and to carry that out,
then it's OK for the Greys.
Because they will eventually
be a failed timeline.
They will vanish and fade away.
But and there are some
species that do that in order
to be as stable as possible
and as long as possible
without changing, they try
to subjugate other species.
And this is where
the Greys step in
in order to preserve
the tonal dynamic
and the overall evolution
of the universe.
And they have various
techniques to do so.
For example, they could
give an ultimatum.
They also are collecting all
these Warrior type species
to have them under
one administration,
in order to have a very powerful
warrior federation or alliance,
in order to protect certain
parts of the universe,
and to protect the evolution and
the proceeding of the universe.
But for example, if
one species, and we
do have that case unfortunately,
if we have a species that
doesn't want to
stick to the rules,
and is also hindering
the evolution
and the spiritual path and
forthcoming of another species,
then they could easily, for
example, freeze that species.
Which means the whole
collective consciousness
goes to a very raw
state of the universe
and gets another chance
to play out probabilities.
And maybe take a different
step, and so not play out
this self-destructive behavior.
If they do that,
they will end up
at the same point they were
in the previous version,
and they can do that again,
and again, and again.
But they also could set
up a different scenario,
a different version
of the universe
in order to make a
different experience happen
for a species that has
self-destructive behavior.
>> Reptilian beings claim
seniority and time travel
ability just as the Greys do.
When they both come into
power struggles, who
physically administers
law and order
and polices the situation?
>> So it's the master line
of the Greys that takes
the decision, but it's also the
collective of warrior species
that will eventually
go for war then.
And if the war is not bringing
force to the ultimatum
that the Greys give
the species, then
eventually they will
step in, and for example,
freeze or make that
species vanish.
>> Tim, you use
the word, freeze.
What other word could you use?
>> So we were talking about
the credo of the Greys,
which is to serve,
protect, and synthesize.
And synthesize means to
extract something from a system
and to put it somewhere else.
And this is something
that the Greys would then
do to extract, for example,
the reptilian species
from this version
of the universe,
so that this universe
can flourish.
And then put them into a very
raw version of the universe,
where they can eventually
maybe develop differently.
>> Tim, some people suggest
from their own ET contact
experiences that Earth is
almost like an isolated planet,
because of similar qualities
to what you just mentioned.
Is there any truth to that?
And have the people
from Earth disobeyed
the laws of the universe?
>> There is truth to that
because when we are talking
about the first ways
humans were behaving,
and I'm just quoting those
extraterrestrials here.
So this is something
that they say.
It's more the being six, because
they have a higher perspective
on what has happened,
and the Greys
got too much involved in the
karmic processes of the planet.
But when it's true what
those extraterrestrials say,
then Earth man was never
planned as a caveman,
but they were made to this.
And the way this artificial
system, the social system
we find here on this
Earth has played out,
it means that every
individual consciousness
unit on this Earth
has challenges
to get through that
to come to a point.
Because we have a
lot of fear involved,
we have a lot of guilt
involved, and a lot
of instances that
are telling people
that there is a punishing God.
That if they don't behave
in some way or another
they make them feel bad.
And also the way
death, for example,
is looked upon on this
planet as something
that is totally opposite to
what, for example, being six
would say to this topic.
>> Are we currently
in that locked up,
isolated position or
is that opening up?
>> It's totally opening up.
And that is the reason why
we have all these disclosures
right now, because
time is running up.
They are pushing a
lot to the disclosure
topic and to get that out.
Because the denser the universe
gets, the more influences
are upon one point of existence.
And that will happen and
reality will shift a lot.
>> Is it possible that these
laws of the universe are
written into our
DNA in some way?
>> Some parameters
are inside of the DNA.
For example, the
level of aggression
of a species, the level of
comfort is inside of the DNA.
And the level, for example,
of peaceful behavior
is also inside of that.
Because we know there are dozens
of manipulators on this species
and the genetics of
humans on this planet,
we can see that
the parameters that
are inside of the DNA of
humans are influenced.
And all these parameters are
affecting the co-habiting
of a subject and of
subjects in general.
>> Do we know the source of that
written code giving us those
parameters?
>> I know that it's
about 12 species,
but I don't know all of them.
>> Are these master species
influencing certain parameters?
>> I think it's part of the
agenda to go to certain places
and to manipulate things,
some in a benevolent way,
some do it with bad agendas.
>> Where do you see these laws
taking humankind as we look
to the future?
>> To my understanding right now
there's an effort being taken
to remove some harmful aspects
of the genetics in great parts
of the population of humanity.
And we will also talk about
the installation that blocks
the evolution of humanity.
And I think that those
will be beneficial efforts
and bring some kind of
divinity to the human
and some elevated consciousness
to the population of Earth.
And we will also see
that when we realize
that the universe gets denser
and we will be in contact
with different
forms of life, then
we'll have to find
some kind of agreement
in order to get
along peacefully.
And although you can see
that some species are trying
to find a cohesive
regulation system in order
to prevent conflicts to be part
of the universe, in the end,
it's a lot of chaos out there.
And I think that we'll have to
deal with that for some time
until mostly
everyone has realized
that we are all connected and
we need to cooperate peacefully.
>> Tim, is this something
we will experience
in our lifetime?
>> As I know that everyone
is responsible for their own
timeline and everyone can
move and project something out
into the field of
probabilities, yes,
some will experience very
interesting changes to the way
we structure our reality now.
>> Tim, thank you so much
for being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>> Thank you very much, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> I think people see Roswell
as just one crash site,
one species of
beings and that's it.
What could you share with us?
>> There were two EBEN craft's
flying over New Mexico in July
in 1947.
A very violent electrical
storm and the two crafts
collided in midair.
One live ET was found, that was
EBE 1 and there was five dead.